Some of the most important decisions that I've faced have to do with morality
I would say. So here's what I mean. The most important thing that
you can do in the military is follow directions, but not everybody
does that, unfortunately, and your tasks as a supervisor is to
confront these things and take care of them appropriately. So this is
what I mean. Let's say that there is somebody on the ship, coming
onto the ship any he's drunk and he's not supposed to be drunk. What
do you do? So you could either grab him by the collar and take him to the
local Master at Arms this person in trouble right, and that's
the right thing to do. Another right thing to do would be to chastise
him, to handle it in house to make sure that he doesn't do it again
to kind of supervise and mentor him, if you think that he's that
type of person so you don't have to necessarily ruin his career. So
basically it's a morality question, the type of personality that you
have and how willing to stick to the books you are to make sure that
you do the right thing. When it comes to things that are going on
in the plants, things that are going on in the engineering field there's
no morality involved. If that thing is leaking you don't think
hey you know like should I fix it or not, it's not that big. No if it's
leaking, if X then Y. But when you're dealing with people, people
with personalities, people with emotions, people with families, you
have to really take all of that into consideration and to determine
the wise thing to do, not necessarily the thing that's written in
the book.